[PSA]/r/java is not for programming help, learning questions, or installing Java questions
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/j7h9er/psarjava_is_not_for_programming_help_learning/

JEP 401: Null-Restricted Value Object Storage (Preview)
https://openjdk.org/jeps/401

Java 20 / JDK 20: General Availability
https://mail.openjdk.org/pipermail/announce/2023-March/000333.html

How about being more expressive?
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/11yfvj4/how_about_being_more_expressive/

Version 1.5.0 of the email address validation library, JMail, is now available
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/11xxykf/version_150_of_the_email_address_validation/

How to find dead code in your Java services
https://blog.picnic.nl/how-to-find-dead-code-in-your-java-services-d167c8f22838

A very early preview of the new Jakarta Data API
https://openliberty.io/blog/2023/02/21/23.0.0.2-beta.html#data

How to generate a XML file and download it in java-struts
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/11yf7uw/how_to_generate_a_xml_file_and_download_it_in/

Can someone clarify a question in java
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/11ye5cd/can_someone_clarify_a_question_in_java/

JDK 21: Disallowing the dynamic loading of agents by default
https://mail.openjdk.org/pipermail/serviceability-dev/2023-March/046868.html

Tail Call Recursion in Java with ASM
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/11wv5pg/tail_call_recursion_in_java_with_asm/

JEP 442: Foreign Function &amp; Memory API (Third Preview)
https://github.com/minborg/articles/tree/jep442/2023/March/22-jep442-FFM-Third-Preview#jep-442-foreign-function--memory-api-third-preview

Jakarta EE Developer Survey Recap: 2022
https://5413615.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/5413615/Jakarta%20EE/2022%20Jakarta%20EE%20Developer%20Survey%20Findings.pdf

SuperWord (Auto-Vectorization) - An Introduction
https://eme64.github.io/blog/2023/02/23/SuperWord-Introduction.html

Java 20 Boosts Productivity, Performance of Open Source Programming Language
https://www.itprotoday.com/programming-languages/java-20-boosts-productivity-performance-open-source-programming-language

Can Oracle remove type erasure?
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/11wh2e2/can_oracle_remove_type_erasure/

What shall good Java CI do?
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/11w6xb1/what_shall_good_java_ci_do/

Java 17 1Z0-819 certifaction resources
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/11wpu9q/java_17_1z0819_certifaction_resources/

Why is Java's syntax hated so much?
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/11vd8kf/why_is_javas_syntax_hated_so_much/

Examples of API Governance?
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/11vm09f/examples_of_api_governance/

Anyone using OpenAI/GPT LLM in production in Java ?
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/11vkqwh/anyone_using_openaigpt_llm_in_production_in_java/

attitude towards casting in java
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/11vx2v9/attitude_towards_casting_in_java/

Anyone using JHipster?
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/11vg00u/anyone_using_jhipster/

JEP 442: Foreign Function &amp; Memory API (Third Preview)
https://openjdk.org/jeps/442

I finished Java EE Bootcamp and I still feel like I lack a lot
https://www.reddit.com/r/java/comments/11uqb00/i_finished_java_ee_bootcamp_and_i_still_feel_like/

JEP draft: Launch Multi-File Source-Code Programs
https://openjdk.org/jeps/8304400

